DOC-4478: Added configuration section (#180)
datastax/migration-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/deploy-proxy-monitoring.adoc

[[_configure_the_zdm_proxy]]
== Configure the {zdm-proxy}

The {zdm-proxy} configuration is composed of five files:

> * `zdm_proxy_container_config.yml`, containing internal configuration of proxy container itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `zdm_proxy_container_config.yml`, containing the internal configuration of the proxy container itself.
```

* `zdm_proxy_cluster_config.yml`, containing all the configuration that allows the proxy to connect to Origin and Target. This is always required.
* `zdm_proxy_core_config.yml`, containing important configuration that is commonly used and changed during the migration.
* `zdm_proxy_advanced_config.yml`, containing advanced configuration that may be required in some scenarios but can be usually left to its default values.
* `zdm_proxy_custom_tls_config.yml`, to configure TLS encryption if desired.

=== Container configuration
The first step of the proxy container configuration is to open the `zdm_proxy_container_config.yml` file.

> Configure the desired ZDM proxy version and determine the configuration parameters. 

Reviewer 2: I would say here `determine strategy to inject configuration parameters`. You do not configure ZDM proxy parameters here, but the way of providing them (file vs. environment variables).

> All versions of ZDM proxy support providing configuration parameters using environment variables. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All versions of ZDM proxy support the ability to provide configuration parameters using environment variables. 
```
